Ah!
Ha ha.
Haha, little Wuji
I'm afraid you wouldn't think of it either
You will be prepared by your most trusted relatives
Brother Chicken, are you alright?
Yeah.
If I hadn't taken precautions
Just these two
Don't you dare hurt me
You two are the owners of the store
How dare you openly betray
Don't you want to live?
Xiao Ruoqin is now seriously injured
Even if there is still power to fight
Strength will also be greatly reduced
Who else here can be our opponent?
You two were hunted by the enemy before and cornered
Mr. Xiao saved you
Not only teach you exercises
And promoted you both to the top
How dare you betray Mr. Shaw?
Xiao Wuji is indeed kind to us
But that's just to take advantage of the two of us
Just for the seven sisters
Over the years
Our Wei Wuji Hall went south and north
birth to death
Lay down countless territories
I want to achieve great success
What did we end up with?
But it's still just a little admiration
Little Wu Jin monster
You can only blame yourself for not being enough
Look.
For the fact that you once saved both of our lives
I promise I will never make you feel pain